docs: Add issue and discussion triage guide documentation (#1527)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/triaging/index.qmd

See <https://quarto.org/bug-reports.html#small-is-beautiful-aim-for-a-single-document-with-10-lines>.

If you have multiple files (and if it is **absolutely required** to have multiple files), please share as a Git repository.

<table>
<tr><th>R</th><th>Python</th></tr>
<tr><td>

`````md
````qmd
---
title: "Reproducible Quarto Document"
format: html
engine: knitr
---

This is a reproducible Quarto document.

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

```{r}
x <- c(1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
y <- c(1, 4, 9, 16, 25)

plot(x, y)
```

![An image]({{< placeholder 600 400 >}}){#fig-placeholder}

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

The end after @fig-placeholder.
````
`````

</td><td>

`````md
````qmd
---
title: "Reproducible Quarto Document"
format: html
engine: jupyter
---

This is a reproducible Quarto document.

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

```{python}
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
y = [1, 4, 9, 16, 25]

plt.plot(x, y)
plt.show()
```

![An image]({{< placeholder 600 400 >}}){#fig-placeholder}

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

The end after @fig-placeholder.
````
`````

</td></tr>
</table>

> Additionally and if not already given, please share the output of `quarto check` within a code blocks (*i.e.*, using three backticks ` ```txt `), see <https://quarto.org/bug-reports.html#check>.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally and if not already given, please share the output of `quarto check` within a code block (*i.e.*, using three backticks ` ```txt `), see <https://quarto.org/bug-reports.html#check>.
```

See <https://quarto.org/bug-reports.html#small-is-beautiful-aim-for-a-single-document-with-10-lines>.

If you have multiple files (and if it is **absolutely required** to have multiple files), please share as a Git repository.

<table>
<tr><th>R</th><th>Python</th></tr>
<tr><td>

`````md
````qmd
---
title: "Reproducible Quarto Document"
format: html
engine: knitr
---

This is a reproducible Quarto document.

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

```{r}
x <- c(1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
y <- c(1, 4, 9, 16, 25)

plot(x, y)
```

![An image]({{< placeholder 600 400 >}}){#fig-placeholder}

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

The end after @fig-placeholder.
````
`````

</td><td>

`````md
````qmd
---
title: "Reproducible Quarto Document"
format: html
engine: jupyter
---

This is a reproducible Quarto document.

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

```{python}
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
y = [1, 4, 9, 16, 25]

plt.plot(x, y)
plt.show()
```

![An image]({{< placeholder 600 400 >}}){#fig-placeholder}

{{< lipsum 1 >}}

The end after @fig-placeholder.
````
`````

</td></tr>
</table>

> Additionally and if not already given, please share the output of `quarto check` within a code blocks (*i.e.*, using three backticks ` ```txt `), see <https://quarto.org/bug-reports.html#check>.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally and if not already given, please share the output of `quarto check` within a code block (*i.e.*, using three backticks ` ```txt `), see <https://quarto.org/bug-reports.html#check>.
```

| Next Release                                                    | We will work on this soon.                     | 2-6 Months |
| [Future](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/milestone/2)  | We don't know when or if we will work on this. | Unclear    |

{{< pagebreak >}}

## Triaging Issues

### Reproducibility

- Follow the steps provided to reproduce the issue.
- Confirm the issue exists and gather any additional information if needed.

### Comments

- Leave informative and respectful comments.
- Ask for additional details if needed and provide clear guidance.

### Identification

#### Labels

- Use clear and consistent labels such as [`bug`](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/labels/bug), [`enhancement`](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/labels/enhancement), [`support`](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/labels/support)[^support-issues], [`maintenance`](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/labels/maintenance), and [`documentation`](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/labels/documentation) to define the nature of the issue.

>   Issues are expected to have exactly one of these labels.

Author: Should <https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/labels/support> labelled issues be converted to discussions? (via *Convert to discussion* button)?

Author: I believe they should as it allows those disguised discussion to be discoverable/findable in the discussion board.
